Dawn Abriel: This is going to be an intake with Amanda Davis of intake.
Dawn Abriel: Is the 27th of may 2020 and we will
Dawn Abriel: Generate a
Dawn Abriel: Right heart health, each in PF gotta remember to make a little
Dawn Abriel: And her see her peak.
Dawn Abriel: PH to nine.
Dawn Abriel: Depression.
Dawn Abriel: Anxiety 11
Dawn Abriel: Howdy.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Hi, how are you
Dawn Abriel: I'm pretty good.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: See you.
Dawn Abriel: I have construction going on around me. If it gets too.
Dawn Abriel: Awful will switch to my laptop and I'll try to find a location that's quieter. But let's hope this probably won't take very long since it's a readmission
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Tell me what's going on and
Dawn Abriel: What's different and what
Dawn Abriel: Program. This time,
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I relapsed
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And started doing heroin and morphine and oxy cones.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And my parents came to me and said, it's time for me to get some help. So I was doing really good on the program last time. So I came to recommit to the program because it was working really well.
Dawn Abriel: What was working about it for you.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: The counseling, the groups. The Suboxone as all all it was a good program.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: My memory is that it was a struggle for you to keep appointments
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I was with my grandkids and I'm not now so it won't be a struggle.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And at this point, the therapist, you were with before is
Dawn Abriel: She's full. So you're going to end up with a different therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and a different time. In fact,
Dawn Abriel: We should kind of decide. Let me pull up let me save this. So I don't accidentally lose it. And then let's look at
Dawn Abriel: I think the group that you can be in at this point is a Friday at 130 group.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Friday at 130
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Uh huh. Hold on. Let me mark that down.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: See Friday.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: At 1:30pm
Dawn Abriel: Right, and that's with Dr. Solomon and the therapist is Rebecca
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, and what time would my group is that group or therapy.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: That's group. Okay, what time is therapy.
Dawn Abriel: I don't know. You'll have to arrange that with
Dawn Abriel: With a therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: But I put you in with that group.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, great. So I'll show up Friday at 130
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. So the same thing. You go to virtual clinic.
Dawn Abriel: And check in.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Remind, remind me what your date of birth is
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: For 1880
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so I can save that and now let me go back here. So, when was the last time you had any opioid
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I took morphine today.
Dawn Abriel: About what time
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: About seven o'clock this morning.
Dawn Abriel: Just to keep a good stick
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and about what's
Dawn Abriel: What's your total dose been lately.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Um,
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: As much as I can get. It's bad.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I need a dose, so I know how much buprenorphine to give you
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, I was on two and a half. Last time not worked pretty well.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, but we don't know what it is now with what you with how much heroin, you've been doing
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Right at least a gram a day. And on top of that morphine Parker sets.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Marijuana
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And sometimes methamphetamine.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: It's gotten bad. I think it's because I'm away from my grandkids.
Dawn Abriel: So Amanda
Dawn Abriel: Um, I gotta tell you, I'm a little scared for you that that this isn't something you want. This is something your parents want
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Know it's something we both want
Dawn Abriel: What Woody. What do you think
Dawn Abriel: You'll yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I just want to be sober and clean. I don't want to end up dead.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I just lost a friend to an overdose and it was a major wake up call.
Dawn Abriel: Okie doke.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: He's dead and gone never get to see or hear his voice again.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And he overdosed on heroin.
Dawn Abriel: It's just awfully easy to do.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and really add
Dawn Abriel: Any IV use
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: No I smoke.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I had breast cancer. So my veins are not good. I
Dawn Abriel: Couldn't help
Dawn Abriel: It and have you had any overdoses.
Never
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Unfortunate
Dawn Abriel: And medical complications.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I'm
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Just the breast cancer.
Dawn Abriel: I mean, from the drug use.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Sometimes it exacerbates my asthma.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I guess it would any legal issues because because of the drug use.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Thank God, no.
Dawn Abriel: But your life when you're using pretty much turns into using it, thinking about it, finding it. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yeah, that's exactly right. It's it becomes life. That's all you do. And it's, it's just not satisfying anymore.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And how old were you when you first started using any illicit drug
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: About 17
Dawn Abriel: And that was what
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: 20 years ago.
Dawn Abriel: No, I, what was the drug.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Meth
Dawn Abriel: And when did you start using opioids.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: About 10 years ago.
Dawn Abriel: And he has a disrupted relationships and work opportunities.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: Some reason, this doesn't keep track of the last time you gave me this stuff, but
Dawn Abriel: We'll go ahead and do it again.
Dawn Abriel: Select um
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you're
Dawn Abriel: 40
Dawn Abriel: And female
Dawn Abriel: And your
Dawn Abriel: Anxiety is an issue for you.
Yes.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: God bless you.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: And kinds of anxiety and
Dawn Abriel: They'll first of all your stress level mild, moderate, or severe
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Moderate
Dawn Abriel: And the kinds of stressors economic educational work relationships, what's what's
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Work relationships this coven
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: High risk. So I've been extra careful
Dawn Abriel: Right, so for your past medical I have anemia.
Dawn Abriel: status post breast cancer.
Dawn Abriel: And oh nine for reconstruction cervical cancer blood clots.
Dawn Abriel: ovarian cysts and sinus infections, anything else.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: No, that's it.
Dawn Abriel: Right and surgeries appendectomy breast risk resection radical tricky.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I see. When your cervix was removed. Yeah, and sinus surgery and anything change in your family or with your, your social history.
Dawn Abriel: No good. Let me just put in. I think I have a place in here where I asked, with whom are you living
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Right now I have the same address in Albuquerque for right now because the coven 19 I'm at my mother's house.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: They've advised my doctor advised me not to travel yet because I have asthma.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Well, I'm stuck here until that is lifted.
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: So it's, it's okay. But it's kind of stressful. I'd like to be home.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: You know, to give them my parents personal space and for me to have my own personal space.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I like
Dawn Abriel: Oh, thank you. So actually, you're living with your parents.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Just visiting
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: My address is still the 10124 month. Ah.
Dawn Abriel: OK.
And three
Dawn Abriel: And are you working right now.
Dawn Abriel: No, no, cuz you're there. Yeah, yeah. No one is
Dawn Abriel: Those of us doing telemedicine. We're working like crazy.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: For a new surgeries. That's all the same.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Can I give you a pharmacy number
Dawn Abriel: No, you have to go to the virtual clinic and do that.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Who's going to prescribe. When will I get my meds.
Dawn Abriel: Today,
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Because it's going to be a pharmacy here with my parents.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah, I'll ask for that at the end.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Um, so the medicines that are you still taking the trouser down for sleep.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you're taking the clonazepam still
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: She would like you to get off of that stuff.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You know, you're going to have to wean yourself down you're taking. How many a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Just 1.5 milligrams. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let me
Dawn Abriel: You're not in any withdrawal now because you had some
Dawn Abriel: Heroin heroin.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so don't say yes to anything that's that has to do with withdrawal. But this is a review of systems.
Dawn Abriel: Feel very night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating like
Dawn Abriel: Red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision changing hearing, hearing loss drainage from your ears are ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose nasal congestion or lips are mouse or 10 lumps in your neck neck stiffness neck pain, shortness of breath, new cough or difficulty breathing.
Dawn Abriel: Chest pain, heart palpitations can't breathe lying down swelling in your legs or varicose veins diarrhea. Do you have constipation from the opioid use
No.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I take a stool softener.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, vomiting, rectal pain, abdominal pain, painful urination blood in your urine paying too much too little changing hair skin and nail texture new moles are itching, muscle pain back pain tend to points muscle cramps or limp.
Dawn Abriel: Headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking change in mood depression sadness interfering with function to put anxiety here.
Dawn Abriel: And sleep disturbance in your sleep disturbances, getting to sleep or staying asleep.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: staying asleep.
Dawn Abriel: No suicidal thoughts or hopelessness, you're not seeing or hearing things that other people don't. And you don't bruise easily
Dawn Abriel: Right. Right. And the only thing you're allergic to is composition
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: That's correct.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You still go to the bathroom by yourself and dress and
Dawn Abriel: Take care of your activities of daily living. You know who you are, where you are. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your age, you can focus and you can read
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Now let's get your
Dawn Abriel: Your pulse.
Dawn Abriel: You know, you have this muscle that goes from your job down to your neck.
Dawn Abriel: So in front of that muscle. If you take your right hand and go to the left side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: You feel the thump, thump, thump.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hold on. I'll tell you when to start counting now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: And your height.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Five, five,
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: One at
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's do the physical exam get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, I'm gonna come in here and turn on the lights do that.
Dawn Abriel: Your finger has to get a little closer to the edge of the eyelid. That's it. Okay, let go.
Dawn Abriel: And pull back.
Dawn Abriel: No, no, no, let go make your head go back look all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: All right, look straight ahead. Breathe out of either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have any holes in in the septum of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. Stick your tongue out and move it side to side good and bite down no pain in your job and your teeth fit normally
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, relax, and let me see you put your ear to your shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And head back head forward.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left. No pain, no lumps or bumps or
Dawn Abriel: No discomfort in there. Okay, make the camera go all the way down to your ankles and let me see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Here as I can. Perfect. All right, and remind me how many tattoos, you have
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: 1234567
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: What I wanted to do.
Dawn Abriel: Do you do you smoke marijuana every day.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: On occasion.
Dawn Abriel: But you don't have a problem with alcohol.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: No.
Dawn Abriel: That's the one.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I tried to make sure drinkin threw up all over. I can't have alcohol.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So we will readmit you to the program. And when is your group.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Friday at 130
That's it.
Dawn Abriel: And I will be sending a email to you and it will have Dr. Elements email and it will have the therapist email. So they'll both know about you because they're going to have to do another bio psychosocial to set up a treatment plan or the
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I Rebecca will have to do that.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: I will give you enough medicine to get to Friday. And let me put that in here.
Dawn Abriel: Friday 130 yeah with Dr. Solomon and
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Is there any way you can give it for a week because
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I it's hard for, I don't have a car.
Dawn Abriel: No, I can only give it till you to Friday because you're, you've got to check in with Dr. Solomon and make sure that what I'm going to give you is enough.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let me just save this and then go to the orders and make sure I've got the right pharmacy in here.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, I'll give you the pharmacy information.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: You ready
Not yet.
Dawn Abriel: So be sure and give yourself 12 full hours. You've got to be in some withdrawal or you'll really be uncomfortable.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Full hours prior to taking it.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So today is Wednesday Thursday Fridays. So three days.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: How much do you think I'll be on this time.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to put you on 20
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: What is that
Dawn Abriel: That's two and a half.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I recommend that
Dawn Abriel: That you try doing just two strips and you know you really want to take as little as you can get away with.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you never started the tapering process did you, you weren't in long enough to start doing that.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I've got 9640 minute Boulevard.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: No, it's gonna be
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Shit, I just have the telephone number.
Dawn Abriel: I can't do it by telephone number.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Oh, let me look it up the address.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Let me try.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: 505 623-566-1110
Dawn Abriel: No, no too fast. Try again.
623-566-1110
Dawn Abriel: Let's see, by any chance, it will do it.
Now,
Dawn Abriel: I mostly just need the zip code.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Let me see.
Dawn Abriel: Is it a Walgreens or a CBS
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: CBS 85383
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And the address is 24855 North Lake pleasant.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: You're gonna give
Dawn Abriel: Give, give me the zip code again 85383
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I've got
Dawn Abriel: I've got a target.
Dawn Abriel: 24865 North Lake pleasant Parkway.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: I think that's it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there's one inside a target and one outside of target.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Know CVS pharmacy, two, four and 865
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there's two of them. One of them's the CVS in. Okay, nevermind.
Dawn Abriel: We'll just do the one that's not in the pharmacy.
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: One, it's not in the target.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: And you need an address for the drug test kits.
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely. But I don't give it to me. That's not my job. You have to go back to the virtual clinic and do it for them.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Okay, I'll do that after we get off the phone.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. So yeah, that's really important. That should be getting the urine drug screens and remember these are easy prescriptions. So you're never going to get a paper copy
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And, and when you're in group. You've got to have this good lighting and you've got to be sitting still, and no one can
Dawn Abriel: Be in the same room.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And I think you're set. Unless you have any questions.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: No, I'll just contact them to give them the address.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Good. Alright so much. See you guys. Friday at 130
Dawn Abriel: You bet. Bye bye.
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: But, and I can go get the medicine now.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I just ordered it right
So,
Dawn Abriel: You do have to give them time to get the order in to package it and I recommend that you call first and make sure it's
Dawn Abriel: Ready to pick up
SAMSUNG-SM-N920V: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: You bet. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Let's go to the psychic impressions and let's put in
Dawn Abriel: Where it says
Dawn Abriel: Oh, it doesn't automatically go to the one you pick. It's got to be
Dawn Abriel: PH second pressure initial select every time you go to it. It doesn't save it. Wow. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm gonna see if we can do this by
Dawn Abriel: Just doing
Dawn Abriel: Me.
Dawn Abriel: Now, I don't see how to do it that way.
Dawn Abriel: To pulse instead
Dawn Abriel: See if that works.
Dawn Abriel: And we will go to
Dawn Abriel: Diagnosis and interventions.
Dawn Abriel: Help At All
Dawn Abriel: Okay, maybe we'll try going to mythology.
Dawn Abriel: Amanda Davis.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm just gonna fill this in.
Dawn Abriel: I think we have what we need for her.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I didn't, I didn't run a PMT
Dawn Abriel: Under the PLP if you will put
Dawn Abriel: Three prescribers for buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: Looks like she was getting some
Dawn Abriel: March from a
Dawn Abriel: Arizona nurse practitioner.
Dawn Abriel: But it's all buprenorphine products.